Well as is seen apart from
the sanfermines in pamplona we have
many more things between them
our skewers
good as you can see
each year more people come also
the gastronomic theme to pamplona and the
true that enjoying very much
If you come to Navarre you have an appointment
obliged with gastronomy and inside the
gastronomy the skewer is one of our
star products
this skewer was very good
because it gives a lot of life in Pamplona and
many people with these things are encouraged a
little the neighborhood and the truth is that about
everything for young people
the dishes are worked for a long time
time are the simple ones but it
elaborate with a lot of time with a lot of mime
and this makes me think that he likes
everyone a lot in our kitchen
everyone who comes and extra program
cook our traditional cuisine but
these skewers that are made from
this way people love
we are in tudela in tudela de
navarra in the cradle of the excellent
vegetable the best vegetable that there is in all
Spain and I say it with knowledge of
cause because thanks to her and in her
environment we are organizing this year the
nineteenth day of exaltation to the
vegetable that means then means the
movement of a whole people the
movement of a lot of people doing the
vegetable something exceptional not just a
gastronomic product we are doing
that everyone push in a
direction to make the vegetable be
reason for meeting reason for social act
means leisure means culture
obviously means gastronomy and
it also means tourism and we come
doing because it is very important to give
know the extraordinary wealth
wealth that our vegetables have is a
potential that is able to attract people
from many sites and we are giving a
important qualitative leap
I find it very interesting and for
promote the bank as vegetables
it's very good I think the people that
comes to Tudela to enjoy the vegetable
and the weekend that are here on
everyone who comes is really about
for everything was very important about
all in the culture tourism of
gastronomy and know what is tudela
we have vegetables all year round and it's
wonderful to come in the different
times of the year to go tasting the
different products and that's where it's best
taste from the garden and in the amount
of such good restaurants that we have
there we try to create everything
the product from the seed until
we collect it and then we put it in the
table we control what is all the
process somehow say what of the
nutrition is the way to have
healthy and trustworthy products
now it's a magical time for the
asparagus there have been many rains this
year has been delayed a little what is the
harvest but an asparagus is coming out
of a lot of quality
and the artichoke we have practically
all year except for the summer months
then we will present it on the plate
super natural way to eat artichoke
and keep all the vitamins in this
this medicine because in the end artichoke
it is a medicine